Hey, good morning family! I'm excited to
be with you all again today. I am going to
do another 'Pray with Me'video to motivate
yourself to pray. I'll be
praying in English and I'll be praying
in tongues. I
believe corporate prayer is important in
these last days, even more than ever
before. Now is the
time we need to pray as a body.
I believe as we join together in
this video, there will be many of you
praying for unsaved loved ones
and
the nation. Whatever is on
your heart, let's just pray together.
I'll be leading the prayer by myself;
I'm not going to do it with Lynn
Hammond
in
a
split
screen. I'm just going
to do it how I
pray every day by myself
and
seek the Lord. I'm
letting you into my prayer time and
we
are
just going to pray and
seek the Father to see
what He has for us. I hope
this helps you jump into the river in
your own personal prayer life.
I'm not saying I'm the greatest
prayer warrior, but the
Lord told me to do it, so I'm jumping
into
this river and let's
see where it takes us.
I
always start out by singing a
song to the Father. I enter His
courts
with thanksgiving and praise, and
that's what we're going to
do right now. Father, we just want
to say thank
you for all that You've done and all
that You're going to do. Lord, we worship
You and thank You for this day. We
thank You, Father, for a new day that
You've given us. This is the day
that the Lord has made, and we will
rejoice and be glad in it. Father, I
just want to say thank You for the
air that I breathe, for the food that we
eat today, and for all that You've
provided. As
we start
a new month,
I thank You that we're getting
ready for September and
that You've provided for all the
bills for the month of September for
every household represented here. Whether
it is
electric, water,
gas, phones, or car payments,
whatever they have need of, Father,
You've provided. I thank You, Father, that
You are the great provider, the great
Jehovah.
I
want to give You
praise and glory. I'm
just going to sing You a song, Father, and
I thank
You that You said You inhabit the
praises of Your people.
We
give You praise and
we want to worship You today, Father.
We honor You and thank You, Lord, that
You're so real to us and that there is a
heavy presence of Your Spirit on
us today.
We
invite You
into
this day, into our homes, our jobs,
and our workplaces.
Holy Spirit,
I
thank
You
that You're going
with our children to school today
and
that You protect them.
No weapon formed against them
shall
prosper. I plead the blood over our
children; no weapon and no
devil in hell can come nigh
them.
Not one hair on their
heads
will be touched by any kind of
demonic attack. I thank
You, Lord, that You are protecting
them and that You send Your angels
to
bear us up in their
hands lest we dash our foot against a
stone. I thank You for Psalm 23 and
Psalm
91. I give You praise and glory. Father,
we say: fill my cup,
Lord, I lift it up.
Lord, come and
quench
this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of
Heaven, feed me till I want no
more. Fill my cup, fill it up and make me
whole. It is
Jesus.
We worship
You, Holy
Spirit. You are welcome
in this
place. Omnipotent
Father
of mercy
and
grace, Thou
art
welcome
in this
place.
Jesus is coming
soon, morning or night or noon. Many will
meet their doom; trumpets will
surely sound. All of the dead shall rise,
righteous meet in the sky, going where no
one dies, Heavenward bound.
Lord, You're coming so soon.
Lord,
we're so thirsty
and
we need a fresh touch
today. Come and
quench this thirsting of my
soul. Bread of
Heaven, feed me till I want no
more. Fill my
cup, fill it up and make me
whole.
Amazing
Grace, how sweet the
sound that saved
a wretch
like
me. I
once was
lost, but now I'm
found, was
blind but now I
see. Through many
dangers, toils, and
snares, I have
already
come.
'Tis
grace that
brought me safe this
far, and
grace will lead
me home.
When
we've been there
ten
thousand
years, bright
shining as the
sun, we've
no
less
days to sing God's praise than when
we first begun.
Thank You,
Father, that even when we
mess up the words, You still inhabit
the praises of Your
people because it's from our
hearts.
Father, we thank You that
if we abide in You
and Your
words abide in us, we shall ask what
we
will. We lift up all the
needs of the people
today. If we make much of the blood,
the blood makes much of us.
What can wash away my
sin? Nothing but the blood of
Jesus.
Oh,
precious is the
flow that makes me white as
snow;
no
other fount I
know, nothing but the
blood of
Jesus. The
blood that gives me strength
from day to
day will
never
lose its
power, for it
reaches to the
highest mountain
and
flows to the
lowest
valley.
Glory
to the
Lamb!
You are
glorious and worthy to be
praised. You're the
Lamb
upon the
throne, and
unto
You, we lift our voice
in
praise.
Father, we thank You
for Your hand on this
house. We worship You
and
give You glory
right now in
Jesus'name.
Holy Spirit, we invite You now. What
is on Your heart for us to pray for today?
We yield ourselves over to the
Holy
Spirit and thank You that You become
so real to us.
There are so many needs and things pressing that seem overwhelming, but we thank You, Lord, that You are
the peace in the midst of
the storm.
You say, 'Peace, be
still,'to
all
storms. We call peace to every storm
in
the lives of every individual
here
today,
in
marriages
and
for
children.
We take authority over you, Satan,
and we tell you: thus far and no further!
Get your hands off of God's property.
We call those in the storm of life
healed, whole, and
well in Jesus'name. You are the
great storm
peacemaker; You spoke to the
waves and said, 'Peace, be
still.'We
thank You, Lord, that You're the
mighty
one, the Creator of
everything. You created us even in our
mothers'wombs.
Every cell and every
hair on our head
was
fearfully and wonderfully
made.
I
thank
You
that
we
go up higher and higher
with You in greater
glory and greater manifestations of Your
presence.
We want to be at
the spout where the glory comes out,
going from glory to glory. I thank You, Lord, for the manifestations of that glory
in
our homes. We
want to
be a
vessel that You use in these last
days. The eyes of the Lord
run
to and fro throughout the
whole earth, looking for a heart whose
heart is
perfect toward
Him.
Let Your eyes rest upon me today, oh
God.
Create in me a clean heart, oh
God. You
are the Potter and I am the clay; mold me
and make me today. We have this
treasure in earthen vessels, that the
excellency of the power would be of
You and not of me.
Holy
Spirit, make me more like
Jesus.
We are yielded, filled,
and
controlled by the Holy Spirit
today.
We are at that
river of living water flowing out of
the
throne.
We're coming
up higher with the fire. There are levels
of the prophetic
and
levels of Your presence. Father, we yield
ourselves to You today
so
that we would be a light in the
darkness and the salt of
the earth—the
salt
that makes people thirsty
for
You.
Help us to be the light to
somebody today, an answer to prayer in
their heart.
Let Your glory shine on our
faces
like it did upon
Moses. Let our
shadow pass by like it did the disciples, so
that
healing
flows.
Even if they touched the
shadow, the glory was
pouring out so strong that
it
would heal them.
Do it again, Lord! Do it
in us; do it in me.
Create in us a clean heart,
God. In these last days, pour out Your
Spirit upon us one more
time like You did at Azusa Street.
I thank You, Lord, for the
greatest harvest of souls this world has
ever seen—a
billion-soul
harvest
that
would happen quickly and
suddenly in the name of Jesus.
I call each
person
watching this video today healed and
whole.
Nothing is too big for You, Lord.
I call them blessed, healed, and whole
mentally, emotionally,
physically, and financially.
I thank You, Father, for healing
power that flows on the inside of them,
driving out all sickness
and
disease.
It's already done, and we receive it.
Faith calls those things that be not as
though they were.
You paid the
price for us to
walk in
healing. Lord, we pray over our
finances. You
said to seek first the kingdom and all
these things will be added.
We seek You today,
knowing
You know we have every
need. We
seek You, not
for the things, but
for
You.
We take the care out of our prayer
and
cast our cares onto You because
You care for us. If You care for
the lily of the field and
the sparrow, how much more do You care
for us?
David
said he
had
never seen the righteous forsaken nor
his
seed begging bread.
I thank
You that we are the
righteousness of God in Christ Jesus.
As we seek You daily,
we will find
You. We knock, and the door is
opened
to
us.
You have
prepared
a table before
us
in the presence of
our enemies, and
we rest
in the finished work of Jesus
Christ.
Great is Your faithfulness
to
us.
Morning by
morning, new mercies I
see; all I have
needed Thy hand
hath
provided.
Thank
You
for our unsaved loved ones.
We send
laborers
across their path today.
Some plant, some water, and
some bring forth the increase, but we
keep the door open by the blood.
We call them home in Jesus'name. One last call—wake up! We
call them to a fresh touch from
Jesus.
Now, I'm going to pray in
tongues
and
pray perfect prayers out
of my spirit.
I
thank
You, Holy Spirit,
that You move
in me and
pray
perfect prayers that
go
straight to the throne.
I'm
interceding
now
over that virus
they were talking
about,
calling
forth divine protection over the
righteous.
I'm seeing a
wristwatch,
a clock that is going backwards,
rewinding and giving more time.
Time is running
out.
The hand of time is
coming to an end for this
dispensation. We are getting
ready to step into the Millennial
Reign.
When You showed me the wristwatch
and
Trump, I
wondered
if
we need to lift him
up—that
his time is not over.
Father, bring in one
final push,
waking up the bride
and
the church.
We don't look to
a man to save this nation; we look to
Jesus. It will only
be an awakening unto God that will save
America. I
pray a special
covering over every individual
here, that the plague does not come nigh
us. No virus in hell
can come nigh us. We cover ourselves
and
our families in the blood.
We
are in the peace that passes all
understanding
concerning our hearts
and
families. We thank You, Lord, that we're
always in the right place at the right
time.
Thank you for
joining me today.
I know a lot of you have to get back
to work, but I
wanted to give a little video of
prayer so you could
jump in the river and
get
some
encouragement on the way to work.
If you liked it, give it a thumbs
up. I'll do more like this if
you want to sing or pray more
with me. It's on my
heart. I want to pray more about the
thing I just saw: Trump's face and
that clock. It was a
wristwatch
moving backwards and then
forwards
to the 15-minute mark. It was a short span of time—a delay, but then it
moved back.
It's like
He's saying time's up; He gave more
time, and now the time is
up. Jesus is coming, folks, and
I hope you all are ready. We are
going to see a great harvest of souls.
There is
going to be a move of His presence
beyond anybody's comprehension. It
will be
a
quick work.
Then
we'll
be
caught up
for
the
seven-year
tribulation to be with Him, and then
we'll come back down.
I want you all to be encouraged today.
Yes, there are dark days, but the light
is getting lighter.
You have
authority and are seated with Him in
the heavenlies. You have
nothing to fear as a believer
bought with the blood of Jesus.
To be absent from the body is to
be present with the Lord.
When we die, we go home to
see
Jesus; we're instantaneously with Him in
glory.
Jesus has a plan
for your life to prosper
you and be in health, even as your soul
prospers. There
are
good days ahead for the believers.
If
you're new here
and
never seen
me before, God bless you for sticking
around.
I'm
going to do more videos like this
because the Lord told me to.
Put a smile on your face and a song
in your heart. Jesus loves you so much.
God bless you and have a
wonderful day. See you next
time.